Add documentation for Facebook ads connector (#907)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/facebook-ads-connector/facebook-ads-configuration.md

# Facebook Ads Connector Reference

The following operations allow you to work with the Facebook Ads API. Click an operation name to see parameter details and samples on how to use it.

## Initialize the connector

To use the Facebook Ads connector, first create the connection with your configuration. When calling a Facebook Ads operation, ensure the connection is referenced using the `configKey` attribute.

??? note "init"

>     The `init` operation initializes the connection to Facebook Ads API.

Reviewer: Shall we follow the same format to introduce other operations as well?

Author: Fixed with [29f155c](https://github.com/wso2/docs-mi/pull/907/commits/29f155c597b09440cfc9288e66376371c089c06e)

>     The `init` operation is used to initialize the connection to Facebook Ads API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `init` operation initializes the connection to Facebook Ads API.
```
